at least 30 people have been killed in
Israeli strikes since the early hours of
Tuesday Morning an Israeli air strike on
Al magazi refugee camp in central Gaza
killed five Palestinians three children
are among the dead I speak to Tark abum
he joins us from De alala in central
Gaza T so more deadly attacks overnight
in Gaza one of the attacks killed the
sister of hamas's political leader isal
hania what more can you tell us
yes that's why this attack in fact was
carried out in a shti refugee camp at
the northern part of the Gaza STP now we
could clearly observe that within the
past couple of days and within the past
even 24 hours that the Israeli military
has been focusing on a refugee camp
targeting residential buildings and
other night strikes also have bounded
one of the evacuation centers there Amed
at least 13 Palestinians until now have
been recorded killed after the
evacuation Center alongside the two
residential buildings were targeted in
Gaza City but even that uh we have also
getting some confirmation that at least
six members of hania's family were
killed in that attack as a part of the
Israeli ongoing upscaling military
operations in the northern part of the
territory but the Grim reality is not
not only a shti refugee camp that was
targeted in the course of the past 24
hours but earlier this morning at least
three Palestinians have been targeted
directly by a drone attack attack in alw
Street Central Gaza City they have been
immediately killed and being transferred
later for the Baptist Hospital to be
prepared for burial while in the central
part of the Gaza Strip we can see that
Al magazi was targeted intensively by
the Israeli fighter jets as a
residential building was completely
destroyed five Palestinians so far being
killed as the uh Palestinian uh Rescuers
managed to recover a number of children
from under the remnant of that destroyed
house while in the Sou part of Gaza
Israel is targeting also citizens in
kanun city or at least Ting so far being
killed but what we have been really
discovering and observing that Israel is
chasing Palestinians in areas that they
were designated to be safe areas and
even in the north of this strip we can
continue to hear from locals that they
were escaping to the west of Gaza as
they have been told by the Israeli Army
and now the vast majority of these
attacks are in the Western portion of
the city there it means that the Israeli
Army is trying to destroy all means of
Life there ammed that recently in ASAT
refugee camp in particular a number of
Palestinian Volunteers started to uh fix
and reer water pipes that were broken
into the Israeli due to the Israeli
bombardment alongside they started to
partially remove rles from the destroyed
roads in order to facilitate Mobility
for civilians so generally what Israel
is doing is destroying and attacking
Palestinians who are trying to uh recall
scenes of normality PR October the 7th
as till now at least 30 Palestinians
have been killed so far due to the
Israel unrelenting circle of attacks on
the cross of the Gaza
Strip okay thank you for that TK Abu AUM
there for us in Dar Al Bala in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer